Madam, the guests downstairs are almost here.
When are we going down?
Everyone is clamoring to see you now
Got it, it's harder
Lady, you are so beautiful today.
Even if it doesn't work
When can I meet my crush?
Maybe it's downstairs
Welcome the heavy guests
Okay, I heard that this red-sleeved girl is going to be investigated today
Whoever does a good job can become his eye
Just a coquettish bitch
You have to pretend to be talented, but you can be small.
Leave him alone and keep talking
It is said that this Hongxiu girl is the double lord of Qin shi
Sun Qian has come here several times for him
The attitude is very ardent
Who in this brothel knows Sun Qian best?
That must be this Hongxiu girl
When Sun and I came here before
Why is the red embroidery girl not there?
Then I don't know.
Maybe it was Sun Qianqian who hid his identity
Oh, but I heard.
This red embroidered girl rarely appears in public
It only shows up every few months
So we're here this time
Isn't that right?
Yo, who do I think this is?
Isn't this Dr. Qin?
With two fresh faces
If we hadn't met before
I thought you were a toad from somewhere
Hahahahaha